Update Turbo Button Tutorial: Add other emulators + RetroArch config saving (#51)
RetroAchievements/docs: docs/general/tutorials/turbo-button.md

- IV (default: Y)

Under Quick Menu -> Core Options -> Input, the Turbo Hotkey Mode option can enable the III and IV buttons to have turbo functionality. It can be set to Toggle (press III or IV once to cause the II (default: A) or I (default: B) buttons to be turbo when held) or Dedicated (hold III or IV to directly cause a turbo II or I). There is also an Alternate Turbo Hotkey that, when Toggle is set, allows the L3 (Left Thumb) and R3 (Right Thumb) inputs to toggle the turbo functionality for II and I. The Turbo Delay option can change the frequency of the turbo inputs.

## BizHawk

> BizHawk uses the term autofire for this feature - turbo instead refers to a fast forward. While a game is running, you can access autofire configuration under this menu:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BizHawk uses the term autofire for this feature - turbo instead refers to increasing the emulation speed. While a game is running, you can access autofire configuration under this menu:

```

1. Config
2. Controllers
3. Autofire Controls tab

> Autofire can be assigned for any button in the current core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Autofire can be assigned to any button in the current core.

```
